There simply is no substitute for having your own positive attitude. Gill Hasson, Positive Thinking
Personal Development


You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.
Joel Osteen
Hardship

... if we can learn to think about other people in a more positive and realistic way, it will be far easier to resolve conflicts and develop rewarding personal and professional relationships.
David D. Burns, Feeling Good Together
Relationship Quotes

Even in the most difficult circumstances, there is always something positive that can be taken away from the experience.
Tony Robson, Learned Optimism
Inspirational Quotes

When you take a positive action a positive feeling generally follows it, which is then most likely followed by another positive action and the upward spiral continues.
Cyd Casados, The Daily Action Plan
Feeling


Well, you can recharge your battery by doing some very positive things including engaging in stress reducing activities like walking, running or going for a vigorous swim
Catherine Pulsifer, What We Can Learn From A Dead Battery
Stress Relief

Positive self-esteem consists in feeling, in experience and in the conviction of being ready to face life.
Pixie Walker, Inspiration
Self Esteem Quotes


Mindfulness enables you to be an “observer" of your thoughts and feelings rather than a victim of them. The chaos of mental activity has no purpose other than to make you a prisoner of its perpetual circle of craziness.
Yesenia Chavan, Mindfulness.
Mindfulness Quotes

There is no need to go out of one’s way to be positive and affirm oneself. It’s not self-affirmation that we are concerned with, but self-acceptance.
Ichiro Kishimi, The Courage To Be Disliked
Self Motivation

When practicing mindfulness and meditation the Task Positive Network switches on. This is the part of our brain that allows us to be in the present moment.
Deirdre O'Reilly, Surfing The Waves Of Stress postive link to meditation
Meditation Quotes
